Pursuit, I tell you,
I want to buy it in Yuncheng and make it with me.
Save you, the stray dog ​​we have left,
Look at his mansion and bully you,
You all don't believe that Zhenmao is going to become a fool,
You can't go out without us, let alone the mansion,
I'm afraid you two should abstain from everything in your family.
You are wrong, you have to use us to take care of yourself,
By the way, who dares to take you in in Yuncheng?
Mr. Wang, between me and me
I can’t think about human life
If you can let us go
After we keep it
Will never come again
Then a woman's life
How many balls have passed now?
All have one hundred little heads
Going to be twenty years old
I am considering the Institute of Education
Hey, I just made Zaqiongqin and you
Not these miscellaneous tests
There's no internet connection at all
I thought you were too high-minded. Let’s test it yourself.
Don't want to buy
Just buy the most expensive compass in Yuncheng and the right one
Yun Cheng himself
He picked up the six subordinates of Yunping
How many of them are there?
You can't buy it
I'll bring it to you and help me buy it. Thank you.
This time I thought about buying it
Yuncheng seventh
Compass Luo Luo Luo
He helped me go with my dad.
Don't forget to get ranked
If you don't change people when you send them out, you won't be able to let Li Zhu go.